>> Steve Kinney: So
there's some pieces to this.
We can import our SAGA file.
That's a local file that we made which
is going to contain all of our SAGAs.
We haven't seen that file yet,
we will subsequently.
We create the SAGA middleware,
we add it to our middleware array.
And then, if you look at the very bottom,
in the same way when you saw that code
that was effectively a way but not a way.
And we have to kick off the generator.
We have to do the same thing
with our sagaMiddleware.
We have to kick off the generator,
so it can start running and
pausing and stuff along those lines.
All right, what does the saga look like?
So here's a really simple one.
A root saga is this base generator,
it's going to theoretically,
it can yield back an array of
all of the other ones, right?
And so, by calling virtual user from API,
that generator is kicked off, right?
We return a generator object and
it's going to use all of these, so
we had more things going on,
we have more things on array.
Okay, so then in the middle.
All right, we see we have takeEvery,
and takeEvery comes from redux saga and
it's saying every time
a REQUEST_NEW_FRIEND action
comes through the pipeline, I would really
like you to go make an APR request, right?
So we say, every time you hear one of
these, every time, keep listening for
all of these different actions.
Every time a request new friend comes
along, fire an API request, cool.
Make API request, make CAPI request,
and then fires that second one.
And there's some strange syntax
here where you can see that
we're using call and put, and
that's effectively because
that's handling the pausing and
kicking off of the generator, right?
So instead of saying
Api.requestnewfriend.then, it is
effectively doing that thing that we saw
before on that code example where I made
the API request, it resolved, and then
I kicked the generator back off again.
It's doing all of that for us, right?
So we don't have to manually do that cuz
that code was not the proudest code I've
ever written in my life.
And when you see ugly code,
you can either own it or
you can abstract it away in a nice,
pretty shell, and
just make believe that the messy
bits of your code aren't there.
And so this library will extract,
kicking the generator off when
the promise resolves for us.
So we call the Api.requestNewFriend.
When we get that back, we can go ahead and
we can put which is dispatch
effectively that new action, all right?
So I'm gonna do an example
inside of Jet Setter.
Now Jet Setter's got
a lot of things going on.
I'm just going to replace
one of the actions.
The nice part about sagas and
thunks is that like other things we've
talked about, you can use both of them.
All right, you can mix and match.
You don't have to be like I'm all
about sagas or I'm all about thunks.
If there's a thing where saga is a better
solution to the problem for you, do that.
But if thunk is a perfectly
fine solution and
you want the simplicity,
go do that, right?
It's up to you to kinda make
these decisions which I know
it's unfortunate that I don't have
a perfect right answer for you, but
it does mean that you
have the flexibility.
The reason they pay us the big bucks is
cuz if this was easy and there were rules,
it would just be data entry and
nobody would pay us to do this stuff.
So unfortunately,
the reason that we're all doing this for
a living is because we have
to make these hard choices.
All right, give me one second to set up.
>> Speaker 2: I have a question.
>> Steve Kinney: Yeah.
>> Speaker 2: Can we
get an example of where you would
want to use a saga over a thunk?
>> Steve Kinney: Yeah, I think a lot of
it, for me, comes down to testing, and
a separation of all this network stuff.
>> Speaker 2: It's adjusting to that case.
>> Steve Kinney: Yeah.
>> Speaker 2: Okay.
>> Steve Kinney: So that's the kind of
the biggest example, but it is definitely,
there is like a lot more ceremony than
just simply dispatching an object, right?
So it is like,
if you know in the application
I work on in a day to day basis,
we actually do surprisingly little async.
The API just happens to give
you everything you need,
whether you want it or
not almost to a disturbing degree.
So once we have everything, we basically
then saving that object all over again.
So we're basically doing
one way in the editor.
There's one async action.
So for us, I don't know if it's
worth the amount to put in place
like setting up that one
mock is not that bad.
But if we were doing something where
there's a lot more data going back and
forth, if we're building
a very high network IO app,
then that's all of a sudden, the cost
benefit analysis switches rapidly, right?